I launched my SAS 80 days ago and this
marketing strategy is converting new
users for us. My SAS is called Sammy.
It's an ad automation platform that lets
you easily build automated workflows to
optimize your ads 247. In my case, I am
going after media buyers, performance
marketers, advertisers that are sick of
the grind and the manual work of
optimizing their ads and they want to
use something like ad automation to
scale and improve performance. In this
video, I'm going to walk you through
exactly what we are doing to get new
users and the strategy that seems to be
working really well for us. So, if
you're an early stage startup watching
this or you are looking to get some
traction for your SAS and get more
users, this one is for you. If you're
new to the channel, I'm Sylvia Perez. I
am the founder of Ad Conversion. We
teach 8,000 plus B2B marketers how to
master ads and we manage over $3 million
a month in ad spend for top B2B SAS
brands. So the strategy that's working
for us right now is using founder
thought leader ads on LinkedIn. So what
this looks like in practice is I am
posting on LinkedIn and I'm basically
walking through examples of how people
can actually use Sammy to build certain
workflows to get certain results. So for
example in this one I'm talking about
how to pause ads that are burning budget
and then I have a relevant video and
then in the video I'm actually walking
people through what this actually looks
like in practice. And basically the the
thought leader ad component is I'm
taking the post that I'm posting
natively and then I'm boosting it as an
ad. So you can see promoted by ad
conversion. This means it's a thought
leader ad. And this has been really
awesome because basically what I'm doing
is I'm benefiting from organic traction.
I am posting right as the founder.
Especially if you're an early stage
startup, you have tremendous power and
influence in terms of being able to
convert your message and convey it in a
way that will resonate with the market.
So hearing from the founder is really
great. And basically what I'm doing is
I'm not only educating people on Sammy,
but I'm showing them Sammy, which is
really, really cool. And this is great
because we we post it organically. We
get initial reach organically. And then
in the future what we do is we edit the
post and then we add here at the the
bottom of the post we just add like a PS
when you're ready try Sammy free for 14
days in our case no credit card needed
and then you know they can go ahead and
check it out. Now what I want to do is I
want to actually go ahead now and show
you some specific tips and tricks and
like things that I've learned in terms
of like ad formats. So, like, you know,
video examples versus image ads and kind
of the the formula that I seem to be
finding more success with in terms of
like how I actually write the posts.
Just wanted to take a quick second and
say if you're loving this video, you
will absolutely love our free courses
over at adconversion.com. You can sign
up for free and take them and master
Google ads, Reddit ads, LinkedIn ads,
and more. Seriously, free. If you don't
believe us, just come here to our view
section, like check out our wall of
love. Ultimately, what we're trying to
do is we're trying to build the go-to
place in the world to master B2B ads
where you can learn from qualified
people and not get ripped off in the
process. So, definitely check this out
if you want to go deeper in terms of
making B2B ads work. All right, so let's
go through some tips and tricks around
actually running founder thought leader
ads. So, if this is something you're
interested in, I'm going to go and walk
you through how I've set up my
campaigns. So, in my case, I am testing
image ads versus video ads just to show
you some more examples. Here is another
one. This one is basically notifying
people of ad fatigue. And you can see
here I've got like a compelling hook. I
built an automation that notifies me of
ad fatigue in Slack. Took me five
minutes to build. Here's what it does.
And then I've got the the CTA plug to
get people to sign up. And you can see
here like pretty good reactions, pretty
good engagement. Uh seem people seem to
be, you know, finding value from this. I
think one thing that I will mention is
video ads. I know it's not possible for
everyone, but video ads are exceptional.
Like, we find video converts better than
image ads because video builds more
brand affinity and trust. And if
somebody actually watches, in this case
a 4-minute video, like that's going to
be incredible. And the cool thing too
about video content in general is if
people are watching these videos and
then they go sign up to Sammy, the
chances of the retention being longer on
that prospect is far higher because what
basically they come into the sales
process or in this case they come into
the free trial already educated on how
the product works to some extent. That's
incredible. So that's really going to
reflect in terms of a positive turn
rate. So, I highly highly recommend if
you can like show people what your
product looks like. I think way too many
SAS companies are too hesitant to just
show what the actual product looks and
they like they just speak in hyperbole
and they use like really vague images
and screenshots, but no one actually
just says, "Hey, let me walk you through
the application. Here's what you can
do." So, if you can do that, you will be
in a very small category of people. And
that's something that we're personally
really trying to lean into. So, we're
trying to educate our users as much as
possible. So, when they finally do come
into the product, it's like they already
know how to use it. That's kind of like
the fundamental premise we're coming
from. So, if you can definitely focus on
video content, we see the best returns
on it. However, one thing that's really
interesting is we are seeing some really
good results in terms of engagement
rates with image ads. And just to show
you some examples, we're seeing
engagement rates anywhere between like
five and 11% which is pretty awesome. So
just to show you a quick context, like
here's a an image ad that we ran for
founder fiter ads and it did really
well. So it's like again showing people
like what is it going to actually be
like experiencing your product. So
showing a screenshot of my Slack channel
and showing people like all of the Slack
notifications that I got from Sammy.
basically letting me know that these ads
are ready to be paused because they have
low engagement. So, I'm basically
showing people like, "Hey, I woke up
this morning. This is what my Slack
looked like. How cool is this? I don't
have to be in the ad manager stressing
all the time. I could go about my
business and Sammy will keep me in the
loop on the things that matter." And
like this did pretty well. So, this is
like a way you can use images, you know,
like anything again that just reinforces
your value and how you do things I think
works really well. Um, one thing I will
say is it's a dance because you don't
want to be overly promotional. So, it's
like there has to be a real takeaway for
people. So, that's kind of what I try to
focus on. The other thing that I've
started to experiment as well is around
more of like storytelling and and
building in public. These kind of posts
do really well in terms of engagement
rates. Like for context, this post that
I'm showing you here has an engagement
rate of 11% which is pretty awesome and
that's definitely one of our highest
posts. So, this is focused on
storytelling and building in public. So,
we, you know, we launched Sammy not too
long ago, and I'm basically saying like,
you know, it's been 58 days since we
launched our SAS. We're sitting at a 2%
conversion rate and a mighty $200 in
revenue. Here's what we've learned so
far. And I'm really just like telling
the story of building Sammy versus in
this example like being overly specific
on a specific workflow or product
feature. I'm just trying to speak more
to like our journey building the
business. And this is something that
we're going to lean more into in
addition to the video content because
this is definitely resonating with
people in terms of reactions, engagement
rates, in terms of like actual trial
conversions. It's still too soon to
know, but we're seeing some really good
leading metrics. So, this is an example
of more like building in public. And you
can see I'm trying to repeat this theme
more and more. So like in this case now
this is like fast forward 72 days since
launch and we just land landed our first
enterprise customer with a budget over a
million dollars which is awesome and
then I'm like talking about my lessons
learned right so like sell the present
not the future da da da so in my
basically strategy here for founders
thought leader ads I don't want to just
be overly promotional with like those
product marketing video content I also
want to give people like more of an
inside look behind the scenes so I'm
trying to focus on those two themes And
then basically you can run this through
remarketing and you just further nurture
and educate people and stay in front of
them and you really start to build like
mental availability over time. So if
you're an early stage startup watching
this, I cannot recommend this enough in
terms of cost just to show you guys here
like the actual data. Like we're getting
clicks for a dollar. This is LinkedIn
ads people.
Clicks for a dollar on LinkedIn ads.
Like that doesn't happen right now.
Albeit this isn't link clicks, right? So
the link click cost is definitely going
to be higher, but this is pretty
awesome, right? And like even a CPM of
$96 in this case, this is with a
remarketing audience. That's not bad.
Um, you can see here the dwell times
will vary dramatically by post. And up
until this point, we have been focusing
on optimizing towards engagement rates,
but I think we might shift our attention
in the future to focus more around dwell
time, but to be determined. But if you
guys are starting out with LinkedIn and
you want to get your your SAS out there
and you're a founder listening to this,
this is what's working for me right now.
It's really easy to do. It doesn't take
a lot of time each week and it allows
you to just get traction and stay in
front of people and start to already
become a part of that consideration set,
which is really cool. Hope this video
was valuable. Be sure to give this video
a thumbs up. Really helps us grow our
reach as a small channel. And subscribe
so you can be notified of future videos.
When you're ready, check us out over at
adconversion.com and join our community
of 8,000 plus B2B marketers mastering
ads with free courses.